28 create readthe docs (#29)
UofS-Pulse-Binfo/vcf_filter: docs/configuration/test.rst

Test before Publication
=====================================

> An comprehensive test is recommended before make this module public to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An comprehensive test of your configuration is recommended before making this module public to users. Some good things to check include:
```
